What? Or you?
Such a simple honey trap put that idiot in an unsalvageable situation.
After all, a fool?
Which one needs a lot of money?
I told him why he was arguing with us.
There's another fool.
It seems that Dongyuan and Dao are back.
The mission must be complete.
Come in.
How's it going? Mission accomplished.
Master, the mission of atonement has failed.
How could such a perfect mission fail?
Didn't he see you?
No, he secretly took a video of us threatening him.
And wanted to use the video as evidence to sue us for blackmail.
The young man must save us.
Master Lang Tu Er, stop fighting.
Let's find a way to get the video in his hands first.
Or we'll all die.
What request did he make?
He said to let the Second Young Master prepare 1 billion.
If not, hand over the video to the police.
How much hum?
Where can I find a billion?